
USE CASE: This is the name of the use case.
ID: This is the unique identifier for this use case.

ACTORS:
- button
- User
- Web Server
- Database
- Authentication Server
- User
- Web Server
- Authentication Server
- Database

PRECONDITIONS:
1. Username and password have not been set
2. Username and password have not been changed
3. Username and password have not been set
4. Username and password have not been changed

MAIN FLOW:
1. User clicks "Sign in" button
2. Web Server sends HTTP request with POST method
3. Authentication Server validates user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
4. 4. Database stores user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
5. 5. Web Server sends HTTP response with URL for the user's home page
6. Alternative flows: This section describes alternative flows for the use case.
7. User clicks "Sign in" button
8. Web Server sends HTTP request with POST method
9. Authentication Server validates user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
10. Database stores user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
11. Web Server sends HTTP response with URL for the user's home page
12. Alternative flows: This section describes alternative flows for the use case:
13. User is

ALTERNATIVE FLOWS:
None

POSTCONDITIONS:
1. User is logged in and redirected to the home page
2. Authentication server logs user out
3. Testing:
4. Write unit tests for the new use case. Use JUnit or similar test frameworks to automate testing. Ensure that the use case is working as expected, and that all test cases are passing.
5. Example:
6. Before each test, create a new user and log out of the authentication server. Then, create a new user and log in. Verify that the use case works as expected.
7. Documentation:
8. Document the new use case and its requirements in a user manual or user guide. Provide a clear explanation of how to use the use case, including any prerequisites or limitations.
9. Example:
10. User manual:
11. [Title] - [User's Name]
12. [Date]
13. Introduction
14. [How to use the use case]
15. This user manual explains how to use the [use case name]. The use case is designed to help you [purpose]. This manual should provide all the information needed to successfully use this use case.
16. Requirements
17. Go To https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/basic_auth
18. Check the header: This site is asking you to sign in.
19. Press button Cancel
20. 4. Browser page opens and there is text = Not authorized
21. Step 1: ID (e.g., UC-LOGIN-001)
22. Step 2: Title
23. Step 3: Main flow (numbered steps)
24. User clicks "Sign in" button
25. Web Server sends HTTP request with POST method
26. Authentication Server validates user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
27. Database stores user credentials and sends HTTP response with OK status code
28. Web Server sends HTTP response with URL for the user's home page
29. Step 4: Alternative flows (if any)
30. Authentication Server logs user out
31. Step 5: Postconditions
32. User is logged in and redirected to the home page
33. Authentication server logs user out
34. Example:
35. Step 1: ID (e.g., UC-LOGIN-001)
36. Step 2: Title

NOTES:
None
